                         Amanda’s News 
It was a long week for Amanda at school. She stayed after school to work on a special project three days in a row. When she got home on Friday, she plopped down in her favorite chair with a sigh.  
“What’s going on, Amanda?” her dad asked as he was reading the newspaper. 
“I have to create a webpage for my technology class, and it is taking a lot more time than I thought it would,” Amanda answered. 
Her dad looked over his newspaper and said, “When I was your age, we didn’t even have computers, let alone the internet.” He folded his newspaper and asked Amanda what the webpage is about.  
“It’s about the difference between newspaper news and internet news,” Amanda said and added,” I have to provide information, examples and illustrations.” 
“Sounds tough; do you have someone to help you?” her dad asked. 
“I have a partner named Zach,” Amanda replied. “We did research on the internet today and found some pictures to use.” 
“You are lucky you have the internet for research,” her dad said. “Back in my day, we had to do all of our research at the library and look through books, newspapers and magazines.” He then asked, “What is the difference between newspaper news and internet news?"
Amanda explained to her father the main differences: newspaper news is printed on paper, and internet news is published online; newspaper news is only available once a day, and internet news is published almost as soon as the news happens; many newspapers don’t even print a daily paper, and internet news is published around the clock. 
When Amanda and Zach finished their webpage, it had many examples which compared the times certain news stories were available to readers of newspapers and readers of internet news. It also had pictures of traditional newspaper headlines and internet news headlines.  
Amanda’s dad saw the webpage and thought it was very well done. He asked, “Which type of news do you like better?” 
I like internet news better because I like to learn about the news when it happens,” she answered. 
Her dad said, “I still like newspaper news better because I like to hold the paper in my hands and turn the pages.” 
Amanda plopped down on her chair again and said, “You are so old school, Dad.” 